LIST 1 
LINKED LIST
1. Rearrange a given linked list in-place ( L0 -> Ln -> L1 -> Ln-1 -> L2 -> Ln-2 …)
2. Flattening a Linked List
3. Clone a linked list with next and random pointer
4. searching in a linkedlist that is sorted but expended in down as well/Kth smallest element in a row-wise and column-wise sorted 2D array
5. Merge two sorted linked lists
6. Sort a linked list that is sorted alternating ascending and descending order
7. Function to check if a singly linked list is palindrome
8. Delete N nodes after M nodes of a linked list
9. Add two numbers represented by linked lists
10. Find the middle/ cycle / merge of a given linked list

TRESS
1. Two nodes of a BST are swapped, correct the BST
2. Inorder Successor in Binary Search Tree
3. Find distance between two given keys of a Binary Tree
4. Diagonal Traversal of Binary Tree
5. reverse level order/ Zig zag traversal in binary tree
6. vertical Sum of a tree.
7. Print Left/Right/ top/ bottom View of a Binary Tree
8. Lowest Common Ancestor in a Binary Search Tree / Binary Tree
9. Difference between sums of odd level and even level nodes of a Binary Tree
10. Diameter of a Binary Tree
11. Write a Program to Find the Maximum Depth or Height of a Tree
12. tree traversal
13. Given a binary tree, print all root-to-leaf paths
14. Check if two trees are Mirror / identical
15. Check if a given Binary Tree is SumTree

GRAPH
1. Deduct a cycle in graph (unidirected/ Directed)
2. BFS/DFS number of island problem

ARRAY/STRING
1. Partition a set into two subsets such that the difference of subset sums is minimum
2. Median of infinite stream
3. Minimum steps to reach a destination
4. Minimum Number of Platforms Required for a Railway/Bus Station
5. Inplace rotate square matrix by 90 degrees
6. Find the first non-repeating character from a stream of characters
7. Find next greater number with same set of digits / Mininum number from given digits
8. rat in maze , sudoku
9. Print all possible strings that can be made by placing spaces
10. Print all possible strings that can be made by placing spaces
11. Find the smallest window in a string containing all characters of another string
12. Write a program to print all permutations of a given string
13. Maximum sum such that no two elements are adjacent
12. k largest(or smallest) elements in an array
13. Count all possible paths from top left to bottom right of a mXn matrix
14. Count triplets with sum smaller than a given value
15. Check if a string can be obtained by rotating another string
16. Find the nearest smaller numbers on left side in an array
17. Pairs with given product / sum.
18. Search in shorted but rotated array

DP
1. longest increasing subsequese (Dynamic Programing)
2. longest palindromic substring (Dynamic Programing)
3. longest common subsequence (Dynamic Programing)

OTHER DS
1. implement queue with stacks and stack with queue
2. Implement LRU Cache
3. Design a stack that supports getMin() in O(1) time and O(1) extra space


DESIGN
1. Design Elevator system (object oriented design)
2. Design parking lot (object oriented design)


LIST 2
1. Check if a string can be obtained by rotating another string 2 places
2. Remove the minimum number of characters so that two strings become anagram
3. Write a program to print all permutations of a given string
4. Find all strings that match specific pattern in a dictionary
5. Find an equal point in a string of brackets
6. Given a string, find its first non-repeating character
7. Given a binary string, count the number of substrings that start and end with 1.
8. Length of the longest substring without repeating characters
9. Rearrange characters in a string such that no two adjacent are same
10. Reverse words in a given string
11. Validity of a given Tic-Tac-Toe board configuration
12. Sort an array in wave form
13. Find a Fixed Point (Value equal to index) in a given array
14. Given an array arr[] of n integers, construct a Product Array prod[] (of same size) such that prod[i] is equal to the product of all the elements of arr[] except arr[i],without division operator in O(n) time.
15. Spiral traversal of matrix
16. Nth fibonacci number 
17. Find the smallest positive number missing from an unsorted array 
18. Merge two sorted array A size of n , B size of n+m, having m elements without using extra space.
19. Move all zeros to end of array
20. Sort an array of 0s, 1s and 2s
21. Largest Sum Contiguous Subarray(-ve number also)
22. Sort an array according to the order defined by another array
23. Point in a region 
